Thank you for providing the author's introduction. Here's the updated documentation outline:

# localGPT Documentation

## Introduction

`localGPT` is a project inspired by the original [privateGPT](https://github.com/imartinez/privateGPT), designed to
allow users to ask questions to their documents without an internet connection, using the power of Large Language Models
(LLMs). It ensures 100% privacy as no data leaves your execution environment at any point. You can ingest documents and
ask questions without an internet connection!

The project replaces the GPT4ALL model with the Vicuna-7B model and uses InstructorEmbeddings instead of LlamaEmbeddings
as used in the original privateGPT. Both Embeddings and LLM will run on GPU instead of CPU. It also has CPU support if
you do not have a GPU.

`localGPT` is built with [LangChain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain),
[Vicuna-7B](https://huggingface.co/TheBloke/vicuna-7B-1.1-HF), and
[InstructorEmbeddings](https://instructor-embedding.github.io/).

For a detailed overview of the project, watch this [Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/MlyoObdIHyo).

## Related Projects

### LangChain

LangChain is a framework for developing applications powered by language models. It enables applications that are
data-aware and agentic, meaning they can connect a language model to other sources of data and allow a language model to
interact with its environment.

LangChain provides standard, extendable interfaces and external integrations for various modules, including Model I/O,
Data connection, Chains, Agents, Memory, and Callbacks. It also offers off-the-shelf chains for accomplishing specific
higher-level tasks and a rich ecosystem of tools that integrate with the framework.

For more information, please refer to the
[LangChain documentation](https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/introduction.html).

### llama-cpp-python

`llama-cpp-python` is a simple Python binding for the `llama.cpp` library. It provides low-level access to the C API via
a ctypes interface and a high-level Python API for text completion. It also offers an OpenAI-like API and LangChain
compatibility.

You can install it from PyPI using `pip install llama-cpp-python`. The package also offers a web server which acts as a
drop-in replacement for the OpenAI API. This allows you to use llama.cpp compatible models with any OpenAI compatible
client.

For more details, please visit the [llama-cpp-python documentation](https://llama-cpp-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

### GGML

GGML is a tensor library for machine learning that enables large models and high performance on commodity hardware. It
is used by `llama.cpp` and `whisper.cpp`. It is written in C and supports 16-bit float, integer quantization, automatic
differentiation, built-in optimization algorithms, and more. It is optimized for Apple Silicon and supports WebAssembly
and WASM SIMD.

For more information, please visit the [GGML website](https://ggml.ai/).

## Getting Started with localGPT

(Here you can provide a step-by-step guide on how to get started with localGPT, including installation, setup, and basic
usage.)

## Contributing to localGPT

(Here you can provide guidelines for contributing to the localGPT project, including how to submit issues, propose
changes, and contribute code.)

## Community and Support

Join us on GitHub or Discord to ask questions, share feedback, meet other developers building with localGPT, and dream
about the future of LLMâ€™s.

## License

(Here you can provide information about the license under which localGPT is distributed.)

Please note that this is a basic outline and you might want to add more sections based on the specific needs of your
project.
